Calico metrics scrape (#528)
elastisys/compliantkubernetes-apps: helmfile/charts/calico-felix-metrics/README.md

# calico-felix-metrics

> This helm chart deploys `calico-felix-metrics`, an application that gathers metrics about NetworkPolicies.

Author: "Felix Dashboard (Calico)" dashboard shows the general health of Calico.
The existing "NetworkPolicy Dashboard" has "the more interesting" information, but it is handled by calico-accountant (different helm chart and app).

Makes sense to merge this 2 dashboards into one?

> This helm chart deploys `calico-felix-metrics`, an application that gathers metrics about NetworkPolicies.

Reviewer: No, keep it separate. But I would then rephrase this to 
```suggestion
This helm chart deploys `calico-felix-metrics`, an application that gathers metrics about the general health of Calico.
```

> 

Reviewer: nit: Maybe add a sentence that this chart assumes you have setup felix to expose metrics. And also add a small snippet with a command to verify that it's enabled.
Just so that people assumes that it will work as soon as they have enabled this.

Author: done. please check
